Document changes for SHOW INDEXES/CONSTRAINTS columns (#1523)
neo4j/neo4j-documentation: cypher/cypher-docs/src/docs/dev/ql/constraints/syntax.adoc

| {check-mark}
| {check-mark}

| ownedIndex

> | The name of the index associated to the constraint, or `null` if no index is associated with the constraint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| The name of the index associated with the constraint, or `null` if no index is associated with the constraint.
```

> | The name of the index associated with the constraint, or `null` if no index is associated with the constraint.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| The name of the index associated with the constraint or `null`, in case no index is associated with it.
```
